Create README.md (#117)
Percona-Lab/percona-dbaas-cli: README.md

# percona-dbaas-cli - DEPRECATED

The tool dbaas-cli is no longer developed and this repository is deprecated.

> Percona team is focused to deliver Database-as-a-Service functionality through [Percona Monitoring and Management](https://www.percona.com/doc/percona-monitoring-and-management/2.x/index.html). Read more [here](https://github.com/percona/percona-postgresql-operator/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percona team is focused to deliver Database-as-a-Service functionality through [Percona Monitoring and Management](https://www.percona.com/doc/percona-monitoring-and-management/2.x/index.html). Read more [here](WRONG LINK).
```
